The Python Imaging Library
$Id: README 2939 2006-12-03 13:43:51Z fredrik $

Release 1.1.6 (December 3, 2006)

====================================================================
The Python Imaging Library 1.1.6
====================================================================

Contents
--------

+ Introduction
+ Support Options
  - Commercial support
  - Free support
+ Software License
+ Build instructions (all platforms)
  - Additional notes for Mac OS X
  - Additional notes for Windows

--------------------------------------------------------------------
Introduction
--------------------------------------------------------------------

The Python Imaging Library (PIL) adds image processing capabilities
to your Python environment.  This library provides extensive file
format support, an efficient internal representation, and powerful
image processing capabilities.

This source kit has been built and tested on Windows NT/2000/XP, Mac
OS X, and most major Unix platforms (including Alpha, Solaris, and
Intel systems).  We believe that it should work on most modern
platforms (people are using it on Crays, after all ;-)

The main distribution site for this software is:

        http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/

That site also contains information about free and commercial support
options, PIL add-ons, answers to frequently asked questions, and more.


Development versions (alphas, betas) are available here:

        http://effbot.org/downloads/


The PIL handbook is not included in this distribution; to get the
latest version, check:

        http://www.pythonware.com/library/
        http://effbot.org/books/imagingbook/ (drafts)


For installation and licensing details, see below.


--------------------------------------------------------------------
Support Options
--------------------------------------------------------------------

+ Commercial Support

Secret Labs (PythonWare) offers support contracts for companies using
the Python Imaging Library in commercial applications, and in mission-
critical environments.  The support contract includes technical support,
bug fixes, extensions to the PIL library, sample applications, and more.

For the full story, check:

        http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/support.htm


+ Free Support

For support and general questions on the Python Imaging Library, send
e-mail to the Image SIG mailing list:

        image-sig@python.org

You can join the Image SIG by sending a mail to:

        image-sig-request@python.org

Put "subscribe" in the message body to automatically subscribe to the
list, or "help" to get additional information.  Alternatively, you can
send your questions to the Python mailing list, python-list@python.org,
or post them to the newsgroup comp.lang.python.  DO NOT SEND SUPPORT
QUESTIONS TO PYTHONWARE ADDRESSES.


--------------------------------------------------------------------
Software License
--------------------------------------------------------------------

The Python Imaging Library is

Copyright (c) 1997-2006 by Secret Labs AB
Copyright (c) 1995-2006 by Fredrik Lundh

By obtaining, using, and/or copying this software and/or its
associated documentation, you agree that you have read, understood,
and will comply with the following terms and conditions:

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
associated documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all
copies, and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of Secret Labs
AB or the author not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

SECRET LABS AB AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SECRET LABS AB OR THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------
Build instructions (all platforms)
--------------------------------------------------------------------

For a list of changes in this release, see the CHANGES document.

0. If you're in a hurry, try this:

        $ gunzip Imaging-1.1.6.tar.gz
        $ tar xvf Imaging-1.1.6.tar
        $ cd Imaging-1.1.6
        $ python2 setup.py install

   If you prefer to know what you're doing, read on.


1. Prerequisites.

   If you need any of the features described below, make sure you
   have the necessary libraries before building PIL.

   feature              library
   -----------------------------------------------------------------
   JPEG support         libjpeg (6a or 6b)

                        http://www.ijg.org
                        http://www.ijg.org/files/jpegsrc.v6b.tar.gz
                        ftp://ftp.uu.net/graphics/jpeg/

   PNG support          zlib (1.2.3 or later is recommended)

                        http://www.gzip.org/zlib/

   OpenType/TrueType    freetype2 (2.1.3 or later is recommended)
   support              
                        http://www.freetype.org
                        http://freetype.sourceforge.net  

   If you have a recent Linux version, the libraries provided with
   the operating system usually work just fine.  If some library is
   missing, installing a prebuilt version (jpeg-devel, zlib-devel,
   etc) is usually easier than building from source.

   If you're using Mac OS X, you can use the 'fink' tool to install
   missing libraries (also see the Mac OS X section below).

   Similar tools are available for many other platforms (such as
   'apt-get' for Debian).


2. To build under Python 1.5.2, you need to install the stand-alone
   version of the distutils library:

       http://www.python.org/sigs/distutils-sig/download.html

   For newer releases, the distutils library is included in the
   Python standard library.


3. If you didn't build Python from sources, make sure you have
   Python's build support files on your machine.  If you've down-
   loaded a prebuilt package (e.g. a Linux RPM), you probably
   need additional developer packages.  Look for packages named
   "python-devel", "py-dev", or similar.


4. When you have everything you need, unpack the PIL distribution
   (the file Imaging-1.1.6.tar.gz) in your Python extensions
   directory (if you have one, that is.  If not, feel free to
   unpack it in any other suitable directory).

        $ cd Python-2.4/Extensions # example
        $ gunzip Imaging-1.1.6.tar.gz
        $ tar xvf Imaging-1.1.6.tar


5. Build the library.  We recommend that you do an in-place build,
   and run the self test before installing.

        $ cd Imaging-1.1.6
        $ python2 setup.py build_ext -i
        $ python selftest.py

   When the build finishes, a summary report is shown.  Make sure
   that the optional components you need are included.

        ----------------------------------------------------------------
        PIL 1.1.6 BUILD SUMMARY
        ----------------------------------------------------------------
        *** TKINTER support not available (Tcl/Tk 8.3 libraries needed)
        --- JPEG support ok
        --- ZLIB (PNG/ZIP) support ok
        --- FREETYPE support ok
        ----------------------------------------------------------------

   If the build script won't find a given component, you can edit the
   setup.py file and set the appropriate ROOT variable.  For details,
   see instructions in the file.


6. If the setup.py and selftest.py commands finish without any
   errors, you're ready to install the library:

        $ python2 setup.py install

   (depending on how Python has been installed on your machine,
   you might have to log in as a superuser to run the 'install'
   command.)


--------------------------------------------------------------------
Additional notes for Mac OS X
--------------------------------------------------------------------

On Mac OS X you will usually install additional software such as
libjpeg or freetype with the "fink" tool, and then it ends up in
"/sw".  If you have installed the libraries elsewhere, you may have
to tweak the "setup.py" file before building.


--------------------------------------------------------------------
Additional notes for Windows
--------------------------------------------------------------------

On Windows, you need to tweak the ROOT settings in the "setup.py"
file, to make it find the external libraries.  See comments in the
file for details.

Make sure to build PIL and the external libraries with the same
runtime linking options as was used for the Python interpreter
(usually /MD, under Visual Studio).


Note that most Python distributions include libraries compiled for
Microsoft Visual Studio.  To build extensions using other tool chains,
see the "Using non-Microsoft compilers on Windows" section in the
distutils handbook:

        http://www.python.org/doc/current/inst/non-ms-compilers.html

For additional information on how to build extensions using the
popular MinGW compiler, see:

        http://mingw.org (compiler)
        http://sebsauvage.net/python/mingw.html (build instructions)
        http://sourceforge.net/projects/gnuwin32 (prebuilt libraries)

