                            Numenta, Inc.
                   Contributor License ("CL") V1.1
                     http://numenta.org/licenses/

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Numenta, Inc.
("Numenta"). Numenta is very interested in receiving Your Contribution
(defined below).  In order to participate, we need to confirm how the
rights in Your Contribution will be handled.  Following the practices
of other open source communities, Numenta requests that you grant
Numenta a license, as indicated below, to the intellectual property
rights in Your Contributions.  Numenta requires that you have a
Contributor License ("CL") on file prior to using any of Your
Contributions.  This helps us ensure that the intellectual property
embodied within Numenta Products remains unencumbered for use by the
whole of the community. This license is for your protection as a
Contributor as well as the protection of Numenta and its users; it does
not change your rights to use Your Contributions for any other purpose.

Please review and submit this CL online at
http://numenta.org/licenses/cl/

Please read the following document carefully before signing and keep a
copy for your records.

  Full name: ______________________________________________________

  Github login: ___________________________________________________

  Mailing Address: ________________________________________________

                   ________________________________________________

  Country:   ______________________________________________________

  Telephone: ______________________________________________________

  E-Mail:    ______________________________________________________

  (optional) notify project: ______________________________________



Terms and Conditions

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your
present and future Contributions submitted to Numenta, in consideration
for the potential inclusion of Your Contributions in Numenta Products.
Except for the license and rights granted herein to Numenta and
recipients of software distributed or otherwise made available by
Numenta, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your
Contributions.

1. Definitions.

1.1    "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity
authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with
Numenta. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all
other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For
the purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct
or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity,
whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (c) beneficial ownership of
such entity.

1.2    "Contribution" means any original work of authorship (including
software, documentation, or other material), including any
modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally
submitted by You to Numenta for inclusion in, or documentation of, any
of the products owned or managed by Numenta (the "Work").  For the
purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic,
verbal, or written communication sent to Numenta or its
representatives, including but not limited to communication on
electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue
tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Numenta for the
purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding
communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in
writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant
to Numenta and to recipients of software distributed by Numenta a
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works
of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your
Contributions and such derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant
to Numenta and to recipients of software distributed by Numenta a
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make,
have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the
Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims existing as
of the effective date of this CL and licensable by You that are 
necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of
Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was
submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any
other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have
contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement,
then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for
that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation
is filed.

4. Representations

4.1    You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above
license under this CL, whether on behalf of Yourself (if you are an
individual person) or on behalf of the entity that You represent (if
You are an entity). If You are an individual and Your employer(s) has
rights to intellectual property that You create that includes Your
Contributions, You represent that You have received permission to make
Contributions on behalf of that employer, that Your employer has waived
such rights for Your Contributions to Numenta, or that Your employer
has executed a separate CL with Numenta.

4.2    You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original
creation (see section 6 for submissions on behalf of others). You
represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details
of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not
limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally
aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.

5. Support

You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except
to the extent You desire to provide support.  You may provide support
for free, for a fee, or not at all.  Unless required by applicable law
or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS"
BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of
TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.

6. Work from Others

Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You
may submit it to Numenta separately from any Contribution, identifying
the complete details of its source and of any license or other
restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents,
trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware,
and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a
third-party: [named here]".

7. Changes

You agree to notify Numenta of any facts or circumstances of which you
become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any
respect.


Please sign: __________________________________ Date: ________________